README.md, before:

git-pijul
=========

update pijul from git.

install
-------

```bash
pip install git-pijul
```

usage
-----

```text
Usage: git-pijul [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

Options:
  --help  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  create   Create a new pijul repository and import a linear history
  plot     Display current changes as graphviz file (git pijul plot | dot...
  shallow  create a new pijul repository from the current revision...
  update   Update a repository created with git-pijul
```

`git-pijul create` finds an ancestry-path with `git rev-list --ancestry-path
--no-merges --topo-order`. It will then checkout each revision into a temp
directory and add it to pijul. Non-linear history is dropped. The last
revision/patchset will be forked into a channel.

`git-pijul update` finds in git the shortest path from the current git-revision
to a existing channel and updates pijul from that channel.

`git-pijul shallow` create a new pijul repository from the current revision without
history.

`git-pijul plot` plots dependencies of all changes, with `-i` you can exclude changes from a
channel, usually the `main` channel that contains published changes. This allows
you to select the changes you want to publish.

example
-------

```console
$> git clone https://github.com/ganwell/git-pijul
Cloning into 'git-pijul'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 49, done.
remote: Counting objects: 100% (49/49), done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (22/22), done.
remote: Total 49 (delta 24), reused 49 (delta 24), pack-reused 0
Receiving objects: 100% (49/49), 44.34 KiB | 1.93 MiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (24/24), done.

$> cd git-pijul

$> git pijul create
Using head: 3bc7b1e8618681d4e3069989160998f7d366f08c (HEAD)
Using base: b215e32b5d60eb19a0676a2b9072ac7a352e1c50 ('--root')
100%|███████████████████████████████████████████████|
29/29 [00:02<00:00, 10.17it/s]
Please do not work in internal in_* channels

If you like to rename the new work channel call:

pijul channel rename work_3bc7b1e $new_name

$> pijul channel
  in_3bc7b1e8618681d4e3069989160998f7d366f08c
  main
* work_3bc7b1e

$> git pull
Updating 3bc7b1e..7ec741d
Fast-forward
 README.md      |  2 +-
 git_pijul.py   | 50 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++------------
 pyproject.toml |  2 +-
 3 files changed, 40 insertions(+), 14 deletions(-)
 
$> git pijul update
Using head: 7ec741d2e7b8c5c0ef7302d47e1b8af04c14b54d (master)
Using base from previous update: 3bc7b1e8618681d4e3069989160998f7d366f08c
100%|███████████████████████████████████████████████| 1/1 [00:00<00:00,  8.20it/s]
Please do not work in internal in_* channels

If you like to rename the new work channel call:

pijul channel rename work_7ec741d $new_name

$> pijul channel
  in_3bc7b1e8618681d4e3069989160998f7d366f08c
  in_7ec741d2e7b8c5c0ef7302d47e1b8af04c14b54d
  main
  work_3bc7b1e
* work_7ec741d
```

changes
-------

### 0.3.0

* 0.3.0 git-pijul now creates a work and an internal channel. The internal
  channel should not be used by the user. I think this is the first step to allow
  back-sync.

### 0.4.0

* stop using .ignore, instead add root directory items one by one, ignoring .git

### 0.5.0

* allow to plot changes with `git pijul plot | dot -Txlib`
 
### 0.6.0

* `git-pijul plot` plots dependencies of all changes, with `-i` you can exclude changes from a
  channel, usually the `main` channel that contains published changes. This allows
  you to select the changes you want to publish.

Commit message:

add set operations on changes in channels

README.md, after:

git-pijul
=========

update pijul from git.

install
-------

```bash
pip install git-pijul
```

usage
-----

```text
Usage: git-pijul [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

Options:
  --help  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  create            Create a new pijul repository and import a linear...
  plot              Display current changes as graphviz file (git pijul...
  set-diff          Difference between two sets changes of channels.
  set-intersection  Intersection between two sets changes of channels.
  set-union         Union changes of channels.
  shallow           create a new pijul repository from the current...
  update            Update a repository created with git-piju
```

`git-pijul create` finds an ancestry-path with `git rev-list --ancestry-path
--no-merges --topo-order`. It will then checkout each revision into a temp
directory and add it to pijul. Non-linear history is dropped. The last
revision/patchset will be forked into a channel.

`git-pijul update` finds in git the shortest path from the current git-revision
to a existing channel and updates pijul from that channel.

`git-pijul shallow` create a new pijul repository from the current revision without
history.

`git-pijul plot` plots dependencies of all changes, with `-i` you can exclude changes from a
channel, usually the `main` channel that contains published changes. This allows
you to select the changes you want to publish.

There are also set opertions on sets of changes in channels. Typical usage is
appling changes after a `git pijul update`:

```bash
git pijul set-diff -l  work_9189af5 | xargs pijul apply
```

example
-------

```console
$> git clone https://github.com/ganwell/git-pijul
Cloning into 'git-pijul'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 49, done.
remote: Counting objects: 100% (49/49), done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (22/22), done.
remote: Total 49 (delta 24), reused 49 (delta 24), pack-reused 0
Receiving objects: 100% (49/49), 44.34 KiB | 1.93 MiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (24/24), done.

$> cd git-pijul

$> git pijul create
Using head: 3bc7b1e8618681d4e3069989160998f7d366f08c (HEAD)
Using base: b215e32b5d60eb19a0676a2b9072ac7a352e1c50 ('--root')
100%|███████████████████████████████████████████████|
29/29 [00:02<00:00, 10.17it/s]
Please do not work in internal in_* channels

If you like to rename the new work channel call:

pijul channel rename work_3bc7b1e $new_name

$> pijul channel
  in_3bc7b1e8618681d4e3069989160998f7d366f08c
  main
* work_3bc7b1e

$> git pull
Updating 3bc7b1e..7ec741d
Fast-forward
 README.md      |  2 +-
 git_pijul.py   | 50 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++------------
 pyproject.toml |  2 +-
 3 files changed, 40 insertions(+), 14 deletions(-)
 
$> git pijul update
Using head: 7ec741d2e7b8c5c0ef7302d47e1b8af04c14b54d (master)
Using base from previous update: 3bc7b1e8618681d4e3069989160998f7d366f08c
100%|███████████████████████████████████████████████| 1/1 [00:00<00:00,  8.20it/s]
Please do not work in internal in_* channels

If you like to rename the new work channel call:

pijul channel rename work_7ec741d $new_name

$> pijul channel
  in_3bc7b1e8618681d4e3069989160998f7d366f08c
  in_7ec741d2e7b8c5c0ef7302d47e1b8af04c14b54d
  main
  work_3bc7b1e
* work_7ec741d
```

changes
-------

### 0.3.0

* 0.3.0 git-pijul now creates a work and an internal channel. The internal
  channel should not be used by the user. I think this is the first step to allow
  back-sync.

### 0.4.0

* stop using .ignore, instead add root directory items one by one, ignoring .git

### 0.5.0

* allow to plot changes with `git pijul plot | dot -Txlib`
 
### 0.6.0

* `git-pijul plot` plots dependencies of all changes, with `-i` you can exclude changes from a
  channel, usually the `main` channel that contains published changes. This allows
  you to select the changes you want to publish.

### 0.7.0

* add set operations on changes in channels
